Updated supported-features.md (#988)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/getting-started/supported-features.md

* PayPal through Braintree
* All non-hosted (API) gateways that are supported by Optimized One Page Checkout 

> Unsupported hosted payment gateways are Amazon Pay, AfterPay, Google Pay, and Masterpass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unsupported payment gateways

The following payment gateways are currently not supported:

* Amazon Pay
* AfterPay
* Google Pay
* Masterpass

```
